{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12300\viewh14740\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
\
	WHO 		WHAT			WHY\
\
As a user i want to be able to add a new pub to a list of locations as a visual bookmark.\
\
As a user i want to be able to rate beers from a pub so i know if its worth coming back.\
\
As a user i want to be able to be able to access the details of a pub locations.\
\
As a user i want to be able to see ratings of the beer brands and types.\
\
As a user i want to be able to filter locations on the map by beer type so i can see relevant pub locations.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 As a user i want to be able to filter locations on the map by beer brand so i can see relevant pub locations.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
As a user i want to be able to add my current location to remember it for next time not have the option not to rate the beer at present time. \
\
As a user i want to be able to add a new pub by address and not have the option not to rate the beer at present time. \
\
As a user i want to be able to rate a beer at pub and give a rating between 1 - 5.\
\
As a user i want to see what pubs have had ratings by showing different icons. \
\
As a user i want to be able to access the home page from anywhere in the site to see my pub locations.\
\
As a user i want a intuitive way to navigate the site\
\
Accessibility \
\
\

\fs36 \ul Conceptual idea\ulnone \
\
I like to go out a lot and try new bars around Melbourne. \
\
Quite often i end up visiting the same place and get let down by the beer they serve. I just can\'92t seem to remember what pubs and bars serve which beers. \
\
So i thought, why not have an app to remember the details for me!\
\
\
The idea is to have a crowd sourced application showing the location of pubs and bars and access the ratings of the beers at those locations. \
\
Being a public app. Any user is able to add a pub or bar and rate the beer for that location. \
\
by the method of using the current location or entering an address. \
\
You can choose to rate the beer straight away or save it for another time. \
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Show whimsical  - \ulnone User stories\
\
Created user stories to give us a better understanding of what features to implement.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
\
\
Show whimsical  - \ulnone Wire Fram\
\
Working with my team. To help lock down scope for the app we created wire frames to show a rough layout of the pages we would like\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\ul Show whimsical  - \ulnone Kan ban\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Made a kanban to manage our workflow for each day.\
\

\fs28 \
}